Russia overnight launched
its long-anticipated
attack on Ukraine
striking military posts
across the country.
This really does appear
to be a worst-case scenario.
This highlights what Putin
is really concerned with.
restoring the might of Russia
at the expense
of the Ukrainian people.
An unprovoked war in Europe
is now underway.
Riley.
Lisa. get the kids
away from the windows!
Isabel. Isabel. jam the door!
Mike. I'm in trouble.
I need your help.
The hell was that?
I'm still in Kharkiv.
- Get the fuck out of there.
- I couldn't leave them. Mike.
The Russians
just crossed the border.
They're bombing the city.
Riley. get the fuck
out of there.
Riley!
Charlie.
Yeah. man. I can't...
I can't talk right now.
There's a whole shitstorm
going on right here.
Putin just declared war
in Ukraine.
The entire Russian army
is rolling in.
- Charlie.
- Yeah. what?
It's Riley.
She's still in Kharkiv.
I thought you said
she left weeks ago.
Yeah. she. um... she lied.
Is she okay?
No. she ain't okay.
They stormed the orphanage.
I just saw the whole thing
go down on video.
They got her. Charlie.
They fucking got her.
Hang on. Hang on.
Look. just take a breath.
Fuck a breath.
I need a way into Kyiv now.
She's wearing her smartwatch.
I can... I can track her.
It is a full-scale invasion.
It's total fucking chaos there.
- There's no way...
- There's always a way.
- Will you listen?
- We're wasting time!
Listen.
Listen to me.
You cannot get emotional.
You got to think clearly.
Okay. they have her.
That's just a fact.
Even as we speak right now.
they're probably moving her
and the other hostages
to somewhere safe.
But it's also a good thing
because that means
she has some value.
We have no choice.
We're just gonna have to wait
till this dust settles.
And then when they
start making exchanges.
and. trust me. they will.
and I'll get the money.
It doesn't matter how much
it costs. we'll get the money.
then we'll buy her out
and bring her home.
You finished?
Charlie. I'm only
gonna say this once.
You either find me a flight
out of Barcelona into Kyiv
or I'm getting in the car
and I'm driving there myself.
- Fuck. I'll walk if I have to.
- Connor. there's...
This ain't up
for debate. Charlie.
I'm going in
with or without your help.
Yeah.
Okay.
I saw the guy that was leading
the team that took her.
- I got a screenshot of him.
- Send it.
I'm gonna send it to my buddy
over at Langley.
Here. Get up. Now.
He'll run it through. Okay?
Give me about ten minutes.
I'm staring at the clock.
I got it.
Talk to me.
All right. my buddy
has a team headed to Kyiv
to pull out some
Ukrainian billionaire.
They're leaving El Prat
in two hours.
- Can you make that?
- I'm on my way.
All right. I'll text you
the details. Look. I'm sorry.
Every asset I have is in theater
or on their way to another
extraction right now.
- Got it.
- So my buddy's team.
they're gonna give you
a SAT phone
with Riley's watch location
preloaded.
I'm already lining up
a tour guide for you.
He'll be there by the time
you get there.
I'm trying to get
a flight to join you.
but I'm in fucking New Orleans.
and it's gonna take me
at least a day to get there.
No. you stay put.
You're more of an asset there.
Riley doesn't stand
a chance without you
right where you're at.
backing me up.
She's all I got left. Charlie.
You do this. you're going on
your own. brother.
You're gonna have
to shake hands with that.
Yeah.
Charlie?
- Thank you.
- No.
You thank me
when you get her out of there.
Do you smell that. Vanka?
The smell of fear.
Shh. Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Shh.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
I must say.
I never knew much about people
until I took the time
to take one apart.
Oh. yes.
There is something so special
about being with a man
as he enters the darkness...
when you feel the last bit
of breath leaving their body.
It's a good day. innit?
That's the first time...
Oi. hang on. mate.
Where the fuck do you think
you're going?
Connor. Michael Connor.
Hey. Bunny.
we're wheels up in five.
Have we met?
Yeah. that's right.
That's right.
Caught me and my mate Zeus
shagging your mom.
and you watched our balls touch.
You smell like a fucking
brewery. mate.
Charles Lewis set this thing up.
Is there a problem?
No. no. Not yet.
Unlike you.
the day's young. innit?
Yeah. you heard the man.
Need to get going.
Wakey. wakey. sleeping beauty.
Name's Peter Roberts.
Why they call you Bunny?
Peter Roberts.
as in Peter Rabbit.
- Bunny.
- Got it.
This is for you. mate.
- Who's the Ukrainian?
- It's my niece.
She's an aid worker there.
Oh. I see it now.
Yeah. fuck was I looking at?
Like to see a photograph
of my golden ticket?
Two million quid payday
right here.
Yuri Chenkov.
Barely legal trophy wife Ivanna.
- Ai-yi-yi. right?
- Two million pounds?
Each.
I know. right?
Yeah. apparently ol' Yuri's
the fifth
richest cunt in the country.
Anyways. I digress.
That mobile's got
two numbers on speed dial.
your boy Chucky's and mine.
What do I need yours for?
Well. I had this idea.
Um. it's one of those
profound moments.
and I can't think
of the word of it. Zeus?
- Zeus. what's the word?
- Epiphany.
"Piffany." That's it. Piffany.
- I'm on the edge of my seat.
- Well. I was thinking
you and I do
a little gentleman's handshake.
- You know. make a deal.
- And what's that?
I was thinking.
while we're out there
on our little
individual adventures.
if either of us stumble upon
the other's bundle of joy...
- Her name's Riley.
- Riley. right.
Okay. yeah.
We ring the other up.
You know. maybe share a pin.
threat sizes. pertinent details.
"Mayday. mayday. I need help."
"I'll be there." You know?
That sort of thing.
What do you say?
- Deal.
- Beauty. Lovely.
Right. right. right.
Bam-Bam. for fuck's sake. mate.
What? You know what they say.
I'd rather have it
than not need it.
Need it. not have it.
Yeah. I get it.
Ah. seriously. mate. Come on.
Well. what if we get
in there like swimwear?
I don't plan
on getting that close. mate.
I'm gonna kill 'em
from a distance. right?
Fucking Kyiv.
Right. Cheers.
Oi!
Let's go get some bees
and honey.
That's money.
Mike?
- I'm here.
- Bit of bad news.
I heard back from Langley's
facial recognition team.
Turns out that piece of shit
you snapped a picture of...
his name's Stanislav Koniev.
Former GRU.
Ten years in IK3
for double homicide and rape.
Recruited by the Skorzeny Group.
He's got quite a reputation.
Can't wait to meet him.
You find me a tour guide yet?
Yeah. it's one of my old assets.
His name is Dany Chevchenko.
He's a little eccentric.
but he's a stand-up guy.
Trust me. he's solid.
He knows Kharkiv really.
really well.
Super connected.
If anyone can help us. he can.
Nice. What does he look like?
Loud and colorful.
I'll call you later.
What's up. man? You made it.
Come on. baby. Get in.
Mikey fucking Connor.
Look at you.
Let me help you.
Give me this. Come on.
Fuck! What you got in here?
You got all your
man diapers in there.
It's Connor. Just Connor.
That's cool. man. I like Connor.
The fucking Terminator. right?
Look at you. Carved in granite.
You like this?
No. No. not really.
It's cool.
You'll get used to it.
Let's go!
- So. first time in Kyiv?
- Yeah.
Too bad. It's special place
when rockets aren't
dropping the fuck on it.
Yeah. I bet.
Yeah.
I tell you. man.
it's special place.
This town knows how to party.
When this shit is over.
you come back.
I show you super good time.
We got the best restaurants.
most beautiful women.
The best discotheques
in all of Europe!
Disco. like...
like the Bee Gees and shit?
No. not disco! Discotheques!
What you say?
Nightclubs. Dancing parties.
- More of this?
- Yeah. yeah!
I knew you'd like this.
Shit.
Fuck. This is bad. man.
This is fucking bad.
Who are these guys?
Bratva. Mafia. I got this.
Don't do anything.
don't say anything.
Just be cool. bro.
Be cool.
What?
He says he don't like your face.
You need to fix it.
Empty pocket.
He says he's gonna
have to take your phone. too.
Yeah. He is.
Just give it to him. man.
Can't do that.
That ain't gonna happen.
Look. amigo. I can do you one
way better than the phone.
Here. check this out.
42-millimeter case. stainless
self-winding chronograph.
This right here. my friends.
is the finest
Swiss craftsmanship.
Here. you really got to.
you got to hold it
to really see
what I'm talking about.
Here.
Feel the weight of that bad boy.
Yeah.
That's ten grand
you're holding in your hand.
Should've took the watch.
Let's go.
What the fuck?
I told you I had this! Fuck!
You're fucking crazy. guy.
English.
Speak English.
The kids are afraid
enough already.
Who this?
- My love.
- Don't "my love" me.
He has the stench
of Charlie all over him.
He's Charlie's friend.
He's here to rescue his niece.
No. No. you're not doing this.
Da. I have to.
No. Listen.
we'll find another way.
There is no other way.
- Dany. we will find another way.
- Anna. Connor.
Please meet my wife. Anna.
And this is my little boy Petro.
And this little princess
is Daniela.
Hey. there.
We got problem. Big problem.
Boryspil Airport
just got attacked.
Big Russian rockets.
Russian paratroopers
have seized Hostomel.
The place where you landed.
This city has been
put in military lockdown.
Russian saboteurs
have been seen in suburbs.
- Curfew in effect.
- That means what exactly?
- We can't leave tonight.
- Bullshit.
- We need to get moving.
- You're not understanding.
Anyone seen not
in Ukrainian uniforms
will be assumed saboteurs
and shot on sight.
So what?
We. uh... we get uniforms.
We're not leaving tonight.
Baby. Come with me.
Come!
You know why you met my family?
- Got a fairly good idea.
- Yeah.
I'm not here out of sympathy
for your situation
or fucking paycheck.
I'm here for my family
and passage out of here!
I get you to Riley
and Charlie gets them
out of this nightmare.
You understand?
Oh. yeah. Loud and clear.
But there's something you need
to understand as well.
I'll do anything that needs
to be done to get to Riley.
So at any point in all this
where you feel like
this might be a little
too much for you.
you just say the word.
There's big difference
between GPS
and navigating this country.
You won't find her without me.
We have no choice.
We wait till morning.
You think it's going to be
too much for me?
Take what you want.
That was the boss.
He's sending a team
to transport the foreigners
across the border.
- When?
- Day after tomorrow.
They will be ready.
But our priority is the pig.
Go fetch him
and bring him to me.
Sir.
Calling on
the Ukrainian government
to lay down their arms.
speaking of the
de-Nazification...
- Charlie. we've got a problem.
- I know.
- City's locked down. right?
- Yeah.
Just heard saboteurs
and Skorzeny assassins
hunting for Zelensky.
- What are you going to do?
- It should be lifted soon.
- You got any other news?
- Only bad.
Langley says they expect Kyiv
to fall within days.
The Ukrainians are saying
they stopped Russian troops
in the Chernihiv area.
There's a major battle
in progress
on the outskirts of Kharkiv.
Nothing we weren't expecting.
Mike?
Get your shit. We're leaving
when there's a break
in this barrage.
- What about curfew?
- It's been lifted.
All men between 18 and 60
have been ordered
to report for service.
We go now. or we don't.
Come on. Vámonos.
Got to go.
Hours ago.
They've gone
from being civilians
to fighting on the front line.
Go. Go. go!
- Anything?
- Yeah. it's weird.
She keeps bouncing
around Kharkiv.
How much juice she got left
in that phone?
The watch.
It'll be dead soon.
It's nice watch. huh?
Gift from Charlie?
- Yeah.
- Good watch. though.
Not just for telling time.
10K tends to be
a hell of a bargaining chip.
you find yourself
in those situations. you...
you really don't want
to shoot your way out of.
Da.
And you haven't found one
of those situations yet. huh?
This phone... is the only way
I find Riley.
I couldn't give that up.
I get you and Charlie.
but what's the deal with Riley?
Me and her dad were...
were brothers.
We'd been on the teams
together since BUDS.
One badass frogman.
First-generation
Ukrainian American.
Man. he was proud.
The only thing he wanted more
than to fight for our country
was to be a good father
to Riley.
I.E.D. took him out. Ramadi '06.
And his wife...
she didn't take it well at all.
So. I helped out with them
as best I could. you know?
Me and Riley became close.
Like family.
How far?
To Kharkiv? Two days on foot.
- Mike?
- You tracking me?
Stand by.
Okay. push in.
Okay. we got you.
You know. I'm in a jam here.
I'm on foot.
How far does this thing run?
The road ahead gets locked down
at a village called Shlyakh.
The battle lines run
down the entire valley.
maybe ten miles or so.
Then I don't got a choice.
I'm out of clock. Charlie.
Nightingale's running out
of juice.
If you're doing
what you're suggesting.
Nightingale's battery's
still gonna be dead
long before you get to Kharkiv.
Talk later.
What you doing?
- Hey!
- Fastest way between two points
is a straight line.
Let's go.
Are you serious?
This shit's about to get ugly.
Just remember that fast is fine.
but accuracy is final.
So take your time.
But do it in a hurry.
Ukraine!
Drop it.
Drop it now.
Fuck you.
Connor. wait!
Lower the fucking weapon. slick.
- American?
- That's right.
- The fuck are you doing here?
- We're headed to Kharkiv.
Looking for family.
If they're not gone already.
they're already gone.
- Let's go!
- Quickly.
Get out of here before some
Moscow sniper sees you.
And stay close.
We have no time for prisoners.
What? What is it?
We picked up foreign radio.
Americans. West of Shlyakh.
Isn't that where we made contact
with the third infantry?
- Yes. yes. Heavy fighting.
- Play it back.
Bring up the location
on the map.
The road ahead gets locked down
in a village called Shlyakh.
The battle lines run down
the entire valley.
maybe ten miles or so.
Then I don't got a choice.
I'm out of clock. Charlie.
Nightingale's running out
of juice.
Nightingale's
battery's still gonna be dead
long before you get to Kharkiv.
- What's nightingale?
- The national bird of Ukraine.
Yuri and his wife.
You're a fucking idiot.
That is the extraction team
sent to pull him out.
Get General Tarasov
on the radio.
I need to call in a favor.
I need that grid hammered
with his entire 152nd battery.
Our troops are fighting there.
They are running away.
Fucking cowards.
No.
That ain't it.
We got to go!
They're gonna march this shit
right on top of us!
Fuck!
- Move!
- Let's go!
Let's go. Let's go.
Get up. Get up!
We got to go. We got to go.
I know. Da.
No. he's...
he's still unconscious.
I can't...
Oh. wait. Hang on. he's awake.
Charlie. I'll call you back.
Yeah. I will. Okay. ciao.
Thank God.
How are you feeling?
Where are we?
Other side of battlefield.
Everyone's gone.
How'd I get here?
We got hit bad.
You okay?
You look fucked.
Lost the whole fucking day.
Yeah. You've been
out of it. man.
You're in bad shape.
You got to rest.
Stop. Hey. whoa.
What you doing?
Take it easy. man.
Give me the phone.
Charlie wants you
to call him back.
We got time. You need to rest.
It's only 24 klicks to Kharkiv.
No. no. no. no. no.
We haul ass. we can
get there by morning.
Connor. you've got to gather
your senses. please.
Careful with all that hate.
It'll make you sloppy.
And it'll burn you up.
Not your fight.
Not your kids crying
in bomb shelter.
That's fair.
but don't fool yourself.
War is a monster that chews up
everything in its path.
We're defending our country.
They invaded us.
There is right
and there is wrong.
Yeah. okay.
What?
I don't know.
I just...
Take those. uh... those bad guys
in the forest yesterday.
Kids trying to surrender.
You think they wanted
to be there?
I mean. come on.
You really think Mother Russia
was just gonna
sit back and shake hands
with you guys going to E.U.?
Giving Uncle Sam a spot
on its back doorstep?
Nah.
It also didn't help you gave 'em
a Nazi card to pull. but...
You Americans.
You think you know
everything. right?
You know nothing.
Lecture me on your
high fucking Yankee horse.
Every country
has its sins. true.
What about your country?
What you did to your own people?
I don't fucking know politics.
but I know this.
Your country loves war.
Feeds off war.
Makes money from war.
And this is what's left!
Simple people.
Dead people!
Who are trying
to live their lives!
Trying to survive!
- I get it.
- No.
No. you don't get it.
You do not get it!
I don't have time for people
who side with them.
I side with me.
Just saying it ain't
that black and white.
It's like I said...
war is a monster.
Then why you make it your life?
Good guys or bad guys?
Look at the Z. "Za pobedu."
Russian. Means "for victory."
Shit.
Let's go.
The fuck is that?
Dany. what are we doing?
Dany. Fuck.
- Dany.
- What?
She's close. We got to go.
Riley.
What are you waiting for?
It ain't her.
- We go. We go!
- No. No!
No. listen.
We do this.
we draw more of their men.
And we're so fucking close.
Mama!
Okay.
I got this.
You stay right here.
Right here.
I told you to stay!
Shit.
We gotta go.
Just stop.
I know what you're trying to do.
But can't you see?
Look at him.
His childhood is over...
and he will never
be the same again.
So now what?
What is to become of us?
We'll get you out of here.
To safety.
The military
is just south of here.
Come here.
What the hell do you think
you're doing?
What? What do you mean?
Making promises in there
we can't deliver on.
We can't help them. We gotta go.
Go? What. and leave them here?
Well. we can't
fucking bring 'em.
Agreed. But first we've got to
get them out of the city.
What part of all this
don't you get?
Look. I'm sorry that they're in
this shit. but it ain't my...
What? Your problem?
You think Riley would want you
to leave them here to die?
I'll ask her when I see her.
Oh.
You really are a piece of shit.
Yeah. And I can live with that.
Well. you can.
Not me.
What about your family?
What about my family?
Thought you wanted
to get them out.
Connor?
You got any chatter or locations
of any foreign prisoners?
Anything connecting Riley?
Uh... uh. no. Nothing.
I'm staring at Riley's watch.
It's wrapped around some
piece-of-shit Skorzeny fuck.
I need a direction to go.
Charlie. Anything.
Look. the only intel
that I've received
is that the Ukrainians
are planning a big push
at sunrise
to take the city back.
That's it.
Nothing about prisoner movement.
Hey. hang in there. man.
Dany! I'm coming in!
Fuck!
Never fear!
The fucking Redcoats are here!
Crazy bastard.
Who the hell is that?
He's with me.
Yeah. of course he is.
Oi!
Gotta get going. guv.
Connor. thank you
for coming back for us.
But this is the wrong way
for Riley. no?
She's. um...
She's gone.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Me. too.
Left inside. Ringo.
I think I fancy a drink.
- Clear.
Bunny. check the bar.
Clear.
- Room clear.
- Clear.
Bam-Bam. Flo. back door go.
butchers. yeah?
All right. what's your poison.
ladies and gents?
A little whiskey. a little rum?
A little vodka?
Zeus. you want a shandy. yeah?
Right. yes.
When in Rome. I suppose.
- One for the nipper?
- No.
Sorry. lad. Maybe next time.
All right. gather.
Here's to lying. cheating.
stealing. drinking.
If you lie.
lie to save a friend.
If you cheat. cheat death.
If you steal.
steal a young maiden's heart.
If you do any
of these when you drink.
you can drink with me any time.
And we win.
So. how's a mad fucker
like you live so long?
I'm good at killing things.
Yeah. Right.
Uh. speaking of.
how's the hunt going?
- Any luck?
- No. No luck.
I think that's
highly debatable. mate.
seeing as you made it this far.
This guy even speak English?
Bunny. Dany. Dany. Bunny.
Oh. the tour guide. Right.
Da. The tour guide.
You were saying?
We got a location
on our golden boy.
He's being held by
some Skorzeny cunts
four klicks down the road.
- Okay.
- Well. gossip has it.
they've got a handful
of foreign nationals as well.
- What?
- Yeah.
Two minted blokes
and a few aid workers.
Now. I don't know
if she's one of them.
but I thought
you should know. mate.
Don't shoot. don't shoot!
- Guys. don't shoot!
- Fuck that!
They're with us!
Do it! Fucking do it!
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
They're with us!
Ukrainian!
Sweetheart. look at me.
Look at me.
No one is coming.
We have to save ourselves.
Lisa.
Lisa. Lisa.
All right. lads.
let's keep moving.
Find us an overwatch position.
We'll be right behind you.
- Let's have it. Irons.
- Irons.
Thanks. mate.
So. what's their story then?
They're Kraken Scouts.
On the recce
for counteroffensive
about to start.
What about them?
They're taking them.
They're done anyway.
Heading back to unit.
They'll get them out.
Bob's your uncle. isn't he?
Well. chop-chop.
Why the fuck is Bob my uncle?
Stupid cockney.
Let me give it a try.
You're going to tell me
what I want to know.
you dickless bitch.
Or I'm going to cut you apart.
piece by piece.
God has nothing to do with this.
I've got eyes on target.
Bad Bunny. this is overwatch.
Right above you. mate.
Doors on your two o'clock.
You'll find us
top of the stairs.
Roger that. Coming to you. mate.
Roger that.
- Drones.
- Inside. Move.
- Coming down.
- Come down.
All righty. Zeus.
How about
a little debrief. yeah?
That's easy. boss. We're fucked.
- Do you mind elaborating. yeah?
- Of course. boss.
As you saw. we've got
technicals on the front steps.
Inside that. enough troops
to take over a banana republic.
We've got snipers.
machine gun emplacements
positioned on the roof
and the third floors.
There's just no fucking way.
- That's not good. now is it?
- No.
So what now?
What about another way in?
Less dramatic. more stealth.
We have tunnels.
Tunnels? What tunnels. mate?
We used to play in them
when I was a kid.
They're all over the place.
Built in second World War
as bomb shelters.
then adapted to bunkers to sneak
attack Nazis during occupation.
I guarantee there's one
we can get in. nice and quiet.
No. No way. Booby traps.
Eh. they don't even know
they exist.
Bunny. the odds. I mean.
they're still
pretty fucking thin.
Fucking anorexic. I know.
Right?
Of course. it is two million.
And then there's your Riley.
All right. Ringo.
Give old Eddie a ring-o
and let's get a plan
on that target. yeah?
Copy that.
You done? Da?
There's basement. Back down.
Okay. let's go.
- Flo. you're with us.
- Later. boys.
- Zeus. see you in a bit. bruv.
- Irons.
Clear.
There.
With the chain.
Bam-Bam.
Hand me the cutters.
- Ringo.
- Moving.
- Right corner.
- On it.
Two. one. switch.
Door on the right.
Clear. Move.
Ringo.
I got a sealed door
in front of me.
This is it. right?
It's showing we're inside
the police station.
All right. Bam-Bam.
Showtime. bruv.
Right on.
- Bunny. give me a second.
- Literally seconds. mate.
Party's about to start.
- Mike?
- I gotta make this quick.
I've linked back up
with the EastEnders.
We've got a bead on Nightingale.
Oh. good. good.
About to go in
and kick the party off.
Need an exfil for a dozen
within the hour.
All right. I got it.
I'm on it.
Wait. Our tour guide.
he did his part.
Now I need you to do yours.
His family is out
and on a flight
by E.O.D. tomorrow.
We owe him. Charlie.
That was already the plan.
Yeah. well.
just make sure it gets done.
We'll talk after.
- Watch your ass out there.
- Yeah.
I have no words.
"Goodbye" works for me.
What do you mean?
You ain't coming.
You're gonna find a hole
and climb in it
till this is over.
Then you're going home
to that family.
Look. I get it.
You want to do your thing
for God and country.
and that's your call.
But today ain't that day.
No. man. I can't.
I can't leave you
alone like this.
- No. no.
- You either go
or I call Charlie back
and we cancel that flight
for your old lady and the kids.
You think I'm bluffing?
Let me do this.
I need to do this.
Thank you. my friend.
Say less.
Oi. boys.
Get a fucking room or stack up
with the rest of us.
It's about to get proper savage.
All right. lads.
this is our favorite time.
Once inside. we do not stop.
We murder
everything in our path. clear?
Roger.
Send it. Bam-Bam.
In three. we're turning steel.
- This is gonna suck. innit?
- Yeah.
Three. two. one.
- Move in!
- Stand down in three!
Fuck!
Go.
- It's time.
- No. no. Please don't.
We have to do this as well.
We have to.
Eeny. meeny. miny...
- moe.
- No. no. Por favor. no.
No. take me! Take me!
Not today.
Perhaps tomorrow.
Who are you?
- Who are you?
- Nobody.
If you are nobody.
then why has somebody
come here to find you?
Tell me!
If that somebody
is who I think it is.
you're the one
who needs to be worried.
Sir.
What?
We have just received
call for help.
Men of the 2nd Guard
were ambushed.
They are caught in school
on Shevchenka Street.
Of course. they are.
Ready the men.
Yes. sir.
Contact.
Chief's office
is on the opposite side.
That's where intel has Yuri
and his wife being held.
Go. We'll link up after.
Don't do stupid. bruv.
If the threat's too big.
I'll wait for you.
We'll hit it together.
Right. Sure you will.
Later. mate.
All right. lads. on me.
- Riley!
- Mike?
Mike!
- Back up.
- Mike!
Back up. Back up.
Mike. you came.
I've got you.
We gotta go. We gotta go.
- Isabel. come on.
- Stay close.
- Vanka.
- Yes. sir?
Are they in
the fucking building?
- Yes. sir.
- How is that possible?
- I don't know. sir.
- Call in everyone.
- Everyone?
- Everyone.
Order them back
to the police station.
They're here for the hostages.
♪ I'm forever blowing bubbles ♪
♪ Pretty bubbles in ♪
♪ The air ♪
♪ They fly so high ♪
Move in.
Fuck. This way.
Move.
Let's fucking have it. mate.
Contact. contact!
Move. move. move.
Push forward. I'm moving in.
Move.
Fuck you.
Fuck.
Let's go. Let's go.
Move! Move!
- Hold on!
- Move it!
Hold.
Grenade!
Mike!
Come on.
Yuri and his trophy are dead!
We're headed home!
- Move! Move!
- Okay. moving!
- Move!
- Moving!
How's it going in there. mate?
I'm having a bloody ball. mate.
How are you doing?
Fucking outstanding!
We'll have a couple of pints
down the Bowley
- when this is done. mate.
- Fuck. yeah. Coming to ya.
Fuck!
I remember you.
Then why are you still talking?
Go!
What took you so long. mate?
All on me!
Reloading!
Contact!
Wait. wait. Behind me.
You're good. mate.
Your vest caught it.
We're gonna get
the fuck out of here!
Where'd you like to go. mate?
Bam-Bam. you got anything left?
- All I got is a T-bomb.
- Fucking hell!
- Flea flicker it!
- What?
Toss it to him!
- How are we on the helo?
- It's inbound. Five minutes out.
Well. call him back.
Tell him we're out of time.
Team's en route to exfil
with tangos on their heels.
It's going to be a hot extract.
Roger that.
Go. go. go. go! Move it!
Contact front!
Zeus. we're leaving. mate.
Coming to ya.
On the left! Left!
Coming in on your left!
Okay. come on! Let's go!
Get 'em in the car!
Get 'em out of here!
- What the fuck is that?
- You two take him and go!
Fuck off and go!
- Go!
- Mike!
- Right behind you!
- No!
Mike!
There he is! Right behind you!
Go. go. go. go. go!
You got the grenade?
Fuck!
- Sir. we've got a problem.
- What problem?
We just got a call
from the Ukrainians.
The helo has been
redirected for a medevac.
What the fuck does that mean?
It means there is no extract.
There's no one coming for them.
What the hell happened
to the picture?
I think we just got shut down.
Come on! Move!
Get down!
Bunny! You two. move!
Moving!
- Move!
- Moving!
We gotta move!
Coming from your six!
Move. move. move!
Contact!
Move. Dany! Move!
Stay on my shoulder.
Stay down!
Hurry! Move!
- Where's Riley?
- Move!
Bunny. move!
Moving!
Connor. move!
I'm out of ammo.
Fuck's sake.
There's no "Z."
There's no "Z"!
- What do you got?
- Nothing. sir.
- You got nothing?
- I'm sorry.
Mike?
How you holding up. partner?
Me? How's it going with you?
I'm good.
Just letting you know
that we made it out.
We're with the 93rd
Mechanized right now.
They're gonna shuttle us
to the rear soon.
That's great.
Hey. there's someone here that
wants to say something to you.
Hi. Charlie.
Hey. sweetheart.
How are you doing. kid?
Yeah. I'm okay.
I just want to say thank you.
Always.
Mike?
He wants to talk to you.
- Hey.
- Hey. man.
I just wanted you to know
I got Dany's family
on a flight to Brandenburg
later today.
- That sounds great.
- Trust me.
They'll be taken care of.
Let me call you back.
There's. um...
there's one more thing
I gotta do.
You got it. brother.
See you soon.
Green looks good on you.
Even better with blue
and yellow.
So you're really
gonna do this. huh?
It's my home.
Yeah.
I wanted you to know
that Charlie has your family
on a flight headed out
to Berlin later today.
He's gonna set 'em up nice.
I have no doubt.
Good luck. my friend.
You. too. brother.